Adds note for when using multicast with network policies (#70905)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/nw-about-multicast.adoc

[IMPORTANT]
====

> * At this time, multicast is best used for low-bandwidth coordination or service

Reviewer: should line 24 be part of line 23 technically?

discovery and not a high-bandwidth solution.

> * By default, network policies affect all connections in a namespace. However, multicast is unaffected by network policies. If multicast is enabled in the same namespace as your network policies, it is always allowed, even if there is a `deny-all` network policy. Cluster administrators should consider the implications of multicast being exempt from network policies before enabling it.

Reviewer: I was just playing around with wording. Feel free to take it or leave it! 

```suggestion
* By default, network policies affect all connections in a namespace. However, multicast is unaffected by network policies. If multicast is enabled in the same namespace as your network policies, it is always allowed, even if there is a `deny-all` network policy. Cluster administrators should consider the implications to the exemption of multicast from network policies before enabling it.
```
